Who do I think people talk?
who is speaking in caxias you asked
on the page to explain how it works
this leg that we are unable to
identify very well let's go there
first you go to their website
the program install from there you will come
here is your login and password
connect the first page that will open
the personalized news tab that
they can server everything else
also who can reach here gives a link
on their page leave there and quinzinho
the new connections will have all the
players available that is a
europe 2 in south america and 10 in
north america
games are imported games that runs
are more than 70 games between them league
flash us cras fire tibia the world of
warcraft starcraft is a kiss and has already been
on the floor in shades eve and so on
logo is a connecting organ
When are you going to play open? Will you show?
all games that you have opened the
packets sent and received to the
right here when you and I want to see a
server is located in
São Paulo is the case of the league of
legends and crossfire and almost all
Brazilian voters
I'll check the trend is to choose one
which is the method I want to connect to
anything is connected so far
Only touch comes from the game and I'll show you
You had to take a game soon.
custom start is loaded which
Would it be for you?
This does not work, I see it on my
page with a comment that is
illegal against the rules of the game
No, it's not cool, it 's only here for girls.
and pink it is not favoring your
play an illegal method then a doctor
who said that this makes your game easier
so use my keyboard as a black
widow and the side macros of it
only m1 m2 and m3 in 4 and 5 for 11 command
of tarot macros for tarot signates
cool guy with air
this will be an illegal method I am
I'm going to be banned because of this I'm not mine
right keyboard
I bought my keyboard, I'm not going to use what
he has to offer his mouse has some
machines if such things have this
does not mean anything
if I have a mouse that costs 500 reais
and a mouse that costs $ 100 does not
it matters
I had to make it happen then.
This is not the band, it only helps.
but not in a legal way is just to decrease
your ping your response time o
server that you're walking here that already
Look at this guy, for example, he wants to attack.
a guy in this area
You are here if you have a
Little tall your doll takes time to
To answer that , do you understand?
sometimes loses right and when
The doll is here. You're going to want to attack.
by the time you attack
He 'll be more or less in this
region here
Yes, this is going to help a little more
It's not cool, you can rest easy.
that does not give ban or anything
any doubt that left only the
my page on facebook dot com neighborhood
or to the page of this
leg talk to them
right on the page there is leg space
they will help you leave comments
there the video in youtube.com neighborhood of
caxias 4 l
I also answer the ball and all the
comments
anyone who could leave a young man had
you can subscribe to the channel the next
videos thats this guys any questions is
just ask me, thanks